Adding new RN entries (#2998)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022-okta-identity-engine/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

## February

### Monthly release 2022.02.0

| Change                                                                   | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Custom Administrator Roles is GA in Preview](#custom-administrator-roles-is-ga-in-preview) | February 3, 2022 |
| [Client secret rotation and key management is EA](#client-secret-rotation-and-key-management-is-ea) | February 3, 2022 |
| [Group role assignment improvement](#group-role-assignment-improvement) | February 3, 2022 |
| [Custom Domains with Okta-Managed Certificates is GA in Production](#custom-domains-with-okta-managed-certificates-is-ga-in-production) | February 3, 2022 |
| [Bug fixed in 2022.02.0](#bug-fixed-in-2022-02-0)         | February 3, 2022           |

#### Custom Administrator Roles is GA in Preview

The Okta [Custom Administrator Roles](/docs/reference/api/roles/) API provides operations that you can use to create customized roles and assign them to a user or a group. <!--OKTA-457514-->

#### Client secret rotation and key management is EA

> Rotating client secrets without service or application downtime is a challenge. Additionally, JSON Web Key management can be cumbersome. To make [client secret rotation](/docs/guides/client-secret-rotation-key/) a seamless process and improve JWK management, you can now create overlapping client secrets and manage JWK key pairs in the Admin Console. You can also create JWK key pairs from the admin console without having to use an external tool. <!--OKTA-460699-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotating client secrets without service or application downtime is a challenge. Additionally, JSON Web Key management can be cumbersome. To make [client secret rotation](/docs/guides/client-secret-rotation-key/) a seamless process and improve JWK management, you can now create overlapping client secrets and manage JWK key pairs in the Admin Console. You can also create JWK key pairs from the Admin Console without having to use an external tool. <!--OKTA-460699-->
```

#### Group role assignment improvement

[Assigning a role to a group](/docs/reference/api/roles/#assign-a-role-to-a-group) through the Administrator Roles API has been enhanced by retaining the existing role assignment ID where possible. <!--OKTA-457506-->

#### Custom Domains with Okta-Managed Certificates is GA in Production

> When you customize an Okta URL domain, your Okta-hosted pages are branded with your own URL. [Okta-Managed Certificates](/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/#configure-a-custom-domain-through-okta-managed-certificates) auto renew through a Let's Encrypt integration, a free certificate authority. Since Okta will handle certificate renewals, this reduces customer developer maintenance costs and the high risk of a site outage when certificates expire.  <!--OKTA-459338-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you customize an Okta URL domain, your Okta-hosted pages are branded with your own URL. [Okta-Managed Certificates](/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/#configure-a-custom-domain-through-okta-managed-certificates) auto renew through a Let's Encrypt integration, a free certificate authority. Since Okta handles certificate renewals, this reduces customer developer maintenance costs and the high risk of a site outage when certificates expire.  <!--OKTA-459338-->
```
